So, how did it all turn out? Aside from having to shift direction not-that-far-in, fairly well. I had several
goals for this project. They were (in no specific order):

1) Evaluate Titanium
2) Write a non-trivial program in JavaScript
3) Make a mobile application
4) Do something with the Twitter API
5) Learn a little about Android

So let's go over these things in order:

1) I think it's ... okay. Looking at their site, it has quite a few major apps that were made using it in the store,
so it has a reasonable amount of support. This is a good thing. Their pricing structure doesn't thrill me, mainly
because you must buy the "professional" level a year at a time. Were I to use this for a reasonably large project I
wouldn't want to commit to a whole year.

Would I use Titanium again? Maybe. The API is pretty good. Support for iOS seems to be excellent, Android not quite as much.
I ran into far more problems with Android than I did with iOS. The documentation is decent, but they really need
more tutorials, especially for how to use the UI elements. The large amount of sample programs available is a big big plus.
API docs are alright but need examples.

2) This was a success. My JS knowledge needed augmenting and I got what I wanted. I learned a lot about JS and had to
structure a reasonable amount of JS code. I like JS quite a bit, it's just too bad there's so many weird edge cases
for the language. Oh well. Those are partially taken care of by libraries (hi jQuery!) in the browser but those are
somewhat centered on DOM-manipulation, and there's no DOM in non-browser JavaScript.

3) Success. The applicaiton runs on mobile devices. :)

4) Partial success. I was able to use Twitter's API to get information, which is what I wanted, but by the time I was
ready to deal with OAuth I didn't have enough time left to really do it right. So I didn't do it at all. :/

I'd like to try dealing with OAuth and more extensive Twitter API use in the future. I think the fact that Twitter makes
so much info available through its API is great and one of the reasons I like the service.

5) Success. I hadn't done anything with Android (other than poke at the handsets of some friends) and I got to work with
it a little here. Titanium has some issues with Android (some of the sample code won't work on it, and the way objects are
re-parented causes my app to blow up there for reasons I never quite figured out), but it does run there. I think if I had
more time I could get it working better on Android. All that said, I got to try developing with Android and it went okay.
Side note: the emulator really is as terrifyingly slow as people say. Oh well.

And there you have it. All-in-all, I think this was a good (and fun) project for a hackathon! :)